#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Distinguishing Between Original and Translated Texts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Elad Tolochinsky, Ohad Mosaffi
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work aims to distinguish between original texts and translated texts.
 Given a document written in some language, we wish to accurately say if
 the document was originally written in that language of if it was translated
 to it.
 To distinguish such texts we use a linguistic concept called 'translationese'.
 Translated texts, in any language, can be considered a dialect oft his
 language.
 We cal this dialect 
\emph on
translionese
\emph default
 Linguistic research has proposed several universal properties of translationese.
 We use this properties of translationese in conjunction with machine learning
 techniques to distinguish between translated texts and non-translated (original
) texts.
 Previous work 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "volansky2013features"

\end_inset

, on this subjects have tried to gauge which properties of translationese
 can be successfully utilized to classify original and translated texts.
 Our work reproduce the results achieved by 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "volansky2013features"

\end_inset

 on a different corpus - the UN parallel corpus.
 The first part of this work is an automated derivation of the corpus.
 We derived five bilingual parallel corpora, from English to any other official
 UN language (French, Spanish, Russian, Arabic and Chinese).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Derivation of the Corpora
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The base of this work is the UN parallel corpus which is described at length
 at 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "ziemski2016united"

\end_inset

.
 The corpus is structured in a directory hierarchy, each language has a
 directory which holds the documents in that language.
 The documents are stored in a directory tree inside the appropriate language
 folder in a way that the relative path of a document inside a specific
 language directory is the same for all language directories, for example
 the file 
\emph on
add_1.xml 
\emph default
has a French version at the path 
\emph on

\backslash
fr
\backslash
1990
\backslash
trans
\backslash
wp_29
\backslash
1999
\backslash
14
\backslash
add_1.xml 
\emph default
and an English version at the path 
\emph on

\backslash
en
\backslash
1990
\backslash
trans
\backslash
wp_29
\backslash
1999
\backslash
14
\backslash
add_1.xml.
 
\emph default
Every language pair has an additional directory which contains link files.
 The link files defines the translation direction of two documents and they
 reside at the same relative path as the documents, thus the link file of
 
\emph on
add_1.xml
\emph default
 is located at 
\emph on

\backslash
fr_en
\backslash
1990
\backslash
trans
\backslash
wp_29
\backslash
1999
\backslash
14
\backslash
add_1.lnk
\emph default
.
 Each link file maps the sentences 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Classification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
From Documents to Vectors
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Experiments and Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "report"
options "plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
